Conclusion 96 (#193)
SW709E19/Report: report/ChapterEvaluation/Conclusion.tex

\section{Conclusion}\label{sec:conclusion}

> In this section the developed system is evaluated in relation to the problem statement. The problem statement defined in~\autoref{sec:problem-statement} was as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this section the developed system is evaluated in relation to the problem statement.
The problem statement defined in~\autoref{sec:problem-statement} was as follows:
```

\begin{center}
	\textit{How can a cheap, flexible and easy to install solution be developed to collect, store, and serve sensor data from manufacturing companies, to verify if predictive maintenance is applicable?}
\end{center}

The developed system was designed with this problem statement in mind.
The sensor device, which is to be placed on the industrial machine, is battery powered and consists of an ESP32 microcontroller and an MPU-6050 accelerometer, temperature, and gyroscope sensor.

> The sensor device collects vibration measurements which are transmitted via Wi-Fi to a Raspberry Pi 3 B+ gateway and the measurements are forwarded to the backend by the gateway.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The sensor device collects vibration measurements which are transmitted via Wi-Fi to a Raspberry Pi 3 B+ functioning as gateway and the measurements are forwarded to the backend by the gateway.
```

The backend is hosted on the Google Cloud Platform and utilises four of its services i.e. IoT Core, Pub/Sub, Cloud Functions and Datastore.
These three components successfully collect, store and serve sensor data collected on industrial machines, which constitute the first part of the problem statement.
In addition to this, a frontend component was developed which consists of a dashboard that allows the maintenance personnel to monitor the devices as well as the data being collected.

> As described in~\autoref{sec:discussion-future-work} of the discussion, there are several aspects of the system which can be further developed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As described in~\autoref{sec:discussion-future-work}, there are several aspects of the system which can be further developed.
```

> These developments should be added in order for the system to be production ready.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These additions should be added in order for the system to be production-ready.
```

This includes monitoring the battery levels of the sensor devices as well as making more precise lifetime estimations, writing firmware to support more sensors, and updating the UI to make it usable by different companies at once, i.e. multitenant.

The system was acceptance tested according to the user stories which guided the system's development, and while some of the tests served as integration tests, no automatic integration tests were created.
The acceptance test were all successful and therefore showed that the acceptance criteria of the user stories were met, however some issues with the device losing packets were discovered.
A usability test of the UI was conducted and the test revealed minor issues while the test participant overall found the UI to be satisfactory.

> 

Reviewer 2: Noget med max sample rate testen?

The problem statement furthermore describes the proposed solution as \textit{cheap}, \textit{flexible} and \textit{easy to install}.
The developed system's costs were discussed in~\autoref{sec:discussion-problem-statement} and were found to be significantly cheaper than the existing solutions described in~\autoref{cha:existing-solutions}.
While the system's total costs depends on the number of machines it should monitor as well as the amount of data to be processed, the system is only meant to verify if the machines can be predictively maintained.

> The system is therefore not intended to be active for long periods of time and the customer can choose to install the system on a limited number of machines.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The system is therefore not intended to be active for longer periods of time and the customer can choose to install the system on a select number of machines.
```

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The system is therefore not intended to be active for longer periods of time and the customer can choose to install the system on a limited number of machines.
```

The system is able to collect data from wide variety of industrial machines since the ESP32 is compatible with a multitude of different sensor types.
The system therefore conforms to the \textit{flexibility} quality described by the problem statement.

> It was furthermore designed to be \textit{easy to install} since the devices themselves only need to be placed and powered on for installation, and configuration of the devices is straightforward and remotely possible through IoT Core.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It was furthermore designed to be \textit{easy to install} since the devices themselves only need to be placed and powered on for installation, and configuration of the devices can be done post-installation remotely through IoT Core.
```

However, we did not attempt to perform vibration analysis on the collected measurements, and we are therefore not able to demonstrate whether or not the system can be used to verify if predictive maintenance is applicable.

> Furthermore, the test of the sample rate indicated that the current state of the system was not able to collect data with an adequate sample rate.

Reviewer 2: Ref til afsnittet?

\end{center}

The developed system was designed with this problem statement in mind.
The sensor device, which is to be placed on the industrial machine, is battery powered and consists of an ESP32 microcontroller and an MPU-6050 accelerometer, temperature, and gyroscope sensor.
The sensor device collects vibration measurements which are transmitted via Wi-Fi to a Raspberry Pi 3 B+ gateway and the measurements are forwarded to the backend by the gateway.
The backend is hosted on the Google Cloud Platform and utilises four of its services i.e. IoT Core, Pub/Sub, Cloud Functions and Datastore.
These three components successfully collect, store and serve sensor data collected on industrial machines, which constitute the first part of the problem statement.
In addition to this, a frontend component was developed which consists of a dashboard that allows the maintenance personnel to monitor the devices as well as the data being collected.

As described in~\autoref{sec:discussion-future-work} of the discussion, there are several aspects of the system which can be further developed.

> These developments should be added in order for the system to be production ready.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
These developments should be added in order for the system to be production-ready.
```

This includes monitoring the battery levels of the sensor devices as well as making more precise lifetime estimations, writing firmware to support more sensors, and updating the UI to make it usable by different companies at once, i.e. multitenant.

The system was acceptance tested according to the user stories which guided the system's development, and while some of the tests served as integration tests, no automatic integration tests were created.
The acceptance test were all successful and therefore showed that the acceptance criteria of the user stories were met, however some issues with the device losing packets were discovered.
A usability test of the UI was conducted and the test revealed minor issues while the test participant overall found the UI to be satisfactory.

The problem statement furthermore describes the proposed solution as \textit{cheap}, \textit{flexible} and \textit{easy to install}.
The developed system's costs were discussed in~\autoref{sec:discussion-problem-statement} and were found to be significantly cheaper than the existing solutions described in~\autoref{cha:existing-solutions}.

> While the system's total costs depends on the number of machines it should monitor as well as the amount of data to be processed, the system is only meant to verify if the machines can be predictively maintained.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
While the system's total costs depend on the number of machines it should monitor as well as the amount of data to be processed, the system is only meant to verify if the machines can be predictively maintained.
```

> The system is therefore not intended to be active for longer periods of time and the customer can choose to install the system on a select number of machines.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The system is therefore not intended to be active for longer periods of time and the customer can choose to install the system on a limited number of machines.
```

> The system is therefore not intended to be active for long periods of time and the customer can choose to install the system on a limited number of machines.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The system is therefore not intended to be active for long periods and the customer can choose to install the system on a limited number of machines.
```

> The system is able to collect data from wide variety of industrial machines since the ESP32 is compatible with a multitude of different sensor types.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The system can collect data from a wide variety of industrial machines since the ESP32 is compatible with a multitude of different sensor types.
```

The system therefore conforms to the \textit{flexibility} quality described by the problem statement.
It was furthermore designed to be \textit{easy to install} since the devices themselves only need to be placed and powered on for installation, and configuration of the devices is straightforward and remotely possible through IoT Core.
However, we did not attempt to perform vibration analysis on the collected measurements, and we are therefore not able to demonstrate whether or not the system can be used to verify if predictive maintenance is applicable.
Furthermore, the test of the sample rate indicated that the current state of the system was not able to collect data with an adequate sample rate.

> To sum up, we can conclude that the developed system is able to collect, store and serve sensor data from machines in an industrial environment.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
To sum up, we can conclude that the developed system can collect, store and serve sensor data from machines in an industrial environment.
```
